= Bootstrapped

Bootstrapped is a gem that helps you quickly integrate Twitter's Bootstrap in to your project to enable you to build user interfaces rapidly. 

Bootstrapped also contains generators based off of Ryan Bates's nifty-generators https://github.com/ryanb/nifty-generators/ to help you rapidly scaffold. Unlike generators nifty-generators.

== Setup

Bootstrapped was specifically developed for Rails 3 and above applications. To install, include bootstrapped in your Gemfile.

  gem "bootstrapped", :git => 'https://github.com/entropillc/bootstrapped.git'

After running bundle install to install the gem, you need to run the bootstrapped install generator. The generator gives you the ability to install Bootstrapped with Less support or plain CSS. The default is Less support * NOTE: If you are using JRuby, you must use the static version at this time due to compatibility issues with the less.rb gem.

  rails g bootstrapped:install [less or static]
  
To install with Less Support
  
  rails g bootstrapped:install

To install with static CSS Support

  rails g bootstrapped:install static
  
By default, the install generator will include all of the Twitter Bootstrap javascript files in app/assets/javascripts/application.js. If you do not wish to have the javascript files included in your applications.js file, include the --no-javascript option

  rails g boostrapped:install --no-javascript

== Included Generators

Bootstrapped contains layout and scaffold generators that have been modified to output HTML in Twitter Bootstrap markup. Currently, the following generators are implemented.

* bootstrapped:layout: generates generic layout, stylesheet, and helper files.
* bootstrapped:scaffold: generates a controller and optional model/migration.
* Note suppliying the --haml option to either generator will generate haml templates instead of the dafault erb

=== The Layout Generator

The layout generator allows you to quickly generate a fixed Twitter Bootstrap layout by running the following command:

  rails g bootstrapped:layout
  OR rails g bootstrapped:layout --haml
  
You can change the name of the layout by specifying the layout name. For example, the following command will generate a layout called photos

  rails g bootstrapped:layout photos
  
You can also specify if you want a fixed for fluid layout. If you choose to specify the layout, you must specify the layout name as well. The options are fluid and fixed

  rails g bootstrapped:layout [layout_name] [fixed or fluid]

An example command:

  rails g bootstrapped:layout application fluid

=== The Scaffold Generator

The layout generator allows you to quickly scaffold applications.


== Tests

Bootstrapped has been tested using Cucumber. To run the tests, run the following command

  cucumber

== Found a bug?

If you are having a problem with Bootstrapped, first look at the FAQs above. If you still cannot resolve it, please submit an issue here.

http://github.com/entropillc/bootstrapped/issues

== Change Log

=== Version 1.0.1
  
  * Added HAML support in scaffolding
  * Fixed assets:precompile issue preventing LESS to be compiled for production deployment.

== License

Copyright 2011 Entropi Software, LLC.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
